feat: Transfer GasCoin ownership in the end of rotation (#506)
iotaledger/wasp: documentation/docs/guide/chains_and_nodes/running-a-node.md

be enabled via configuration.

:::
## Download Wasp

> You can download the latest Wasp version from the [official repository](https://github.com/iotaledger/wasp).

Reviewer: this kind of implies that there is a binary to be "downloaded"

```suggestion
You can get the source code of the latest Wasp version from the [official repository](https://github.com/iotaledger/wasp).
```

```bash
git clone https://github.com/iotaledger/wasp
```

> ## Compile

Reviewer: okay then, thanks! - no worth it then, just something that came to mind

You can verify that your node is running by opening the dashboard with a web browser at [`127.0.0.1:7000`](http://127.0.0.1:7000) (default url).

Repeat this process to launch as many nodes as you want for your committee.

### Accessing Your Node From a Remote Machine 

> If you want to access your Wasp node outside your local network, you will need to add your IP to the `webpi.adminWhitelist`. You can do so by adding it to your config file, or running the node with the  `webapi.adminWhitelist` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to access the Wasp node from outside its local network, you will need to add your public IP to the `webpi.adminWhitelist`. You can do so by adding it to your config file, or running the node with the `webapi.adminWhitelist` flag.
```

> If you want to access your Wasp node outside your local network, you will need to add your IP to the `webpi.adminWhitelist`. You can do so by adding it to your config file, or running the node with the  `webapi.adminWhitelist` flag.
> 
> ```bash
> wasp --webapi.adminWhitelist=127.0.0.1,YOUR_IP
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to access the Wasp node from outside its local network, you will need to add your public IP to the `webpi.adminWhitelist`. You can do so by adding it to your config file, or running the node with the  `webapi.adminWhitelist` flag.

```bash
wasp --webapi.adminWhitelist=127.0.0.1,YOUR_IP
```
```
